also calls reporting disorder affects
roughly five percent publish prettier
sterling compulsive hoarding is a
condition in which people who delayed
possessions and peyote use or discard
than in excessive amounts even if the
items of worthless hazardous or
unsanitary not to mention the further
health problems that could cause so I do
mind children in beauty pageants Madras
states as a result women's social
opportunities are more affected by their
physical beauty government so that women
are under more pressure to conform to an
ideal of beauty mysterious want to
become another case hello my name is
candy and I am a drag queen many people
asking why I will never become a drag
queen well first to explain to you I am
a gay man but I dress up and perform as
a woman also there are many different
types of track but I do not want to
become a woman or handed woman's body
reasons why people go into prostitution
sighs user Constitution and the effects
of being cross tube well I just finished
leaving the article title the rights and
wrongs of prostitution from the journal
my Pasha which was written by Julia
alkenyl Davidson in the article the
author explains that the vast majority
of those who into prostitution without
being coerced into it by a third party
do suffer economic reason this article
also focuses on how sex workers are
stigmatized by society we want to be
treated like people not as objects
people separate our businesses
mainstream society so these transactions
are usually seen as a role and simple
like I say we provide a business nothing
more nothing less fantastic so how about
we have sex now thought you I am
employed by your wife to find out if you
are cheating and now i have my evidence
i have a feeling that this will be a
huge media scandal and i would not ruin
your career my internship they did over
the summer i were to kids who all had to
have some kind of DSM diagnosis and a
lot of them as a drug use substance
abuse is becoming the marsh problemo
today's and the lesson whether it is the
use of illegal substances and disease
and otherwise not harmful drugs teams
find themselves in a very dangerous
creation thank you all for listening i
hope you will be able to take away fact
that substance usage and adolescence is
truly detrimental to one's well-being
you